Canada is not the same country that we
remember, the country that I moved into.
Today's video guys, I'm going to cover
the latest political events that has
well has been going on in Canada. And to
be honest with you, not much has been
changed. It almost looks like government
of Canada is thinking that at some point
we are just going to get used to
instability to this dystopian
situation where well it's stable is The
stability is there but it's not a good
stability. Now guys, I want to tell you
something interesting. What has happened
with Canada? How well basically Mark
Carney has spit into a face of Donald
Trump, insulted him in a way and um how
we missed out and got left out of many
many opportunities and nobody wants to
even talk about it. It's like you know
our media wants us to believe that it's
all going to go away. You know, it's
like when a grizzly bear is looking at
you if you just don't look at the
grizzly bear, just walk straight like
that and maybe the problem will go away.
Maybe the Trump will forget about us and
forget to put on the tariff. So, if you
just ignore him, you know, maybe we have
to a little bit, we have to suck it up a
little bit, wait a little bit longer.
And that's the narrative that the
government is pushing for us. Now, guys,
I've been publishing a bunch of videos
about me fixing a basement. And somebody
from my channel actually said, "Hey,
Eager, you should start saying in your
channel, hey, it's your guy Eager here
from a not from Canada,
what from basement?" Because my basement
got flooded and I'm dealing with the
insurance. So, I'm going with a lot of
things there. You know, I haven't I'll
give you a post. I I'll update you those
guys of you who've been following this
channel for a while. I haven't heard
back from the insurance yet. I don't
know anything yet. I'm just gathering
the evidence and submitting to the
insurance and some old stock Canadian
told me eager you know uh you are
insurance is in a business of charging
money and not paying up. So yeah you got
to be you got to be uh understanding
that portion of it that insurance is not
there to pay you money. Insurance is
there to charge you money and not pay
you up. So, be ready for that. And
honestly, guys, I hope that that guy is
wrong because yeah, I'll be screwed
without that. And I actually do have a
policy for what has happened in my
basement. And it's uh because of the
crazy rain in Calgary, 10,000 homes got
flooded. Anyways, my sadness is my
sadness. It's fine. I want to thank you
all who have reached out after that
video on my personal phone number and
offered me help. I honestly, guys, I'm
really thankful. I honestly will tell
you there is one thing is I didn't
expect anyone in Canada to actually
reach out to me to help out in such a
matter. I'm honestly I don't know why. I
was just not expecting anyone from this
channel to actually offer me any kind of
help and I didn't expect that. Maybe you
know maybe I'm a little bit antisocial
in that way that I didn't expect that
somebody would actually reach out and
honestly guys I don't I do not need help
right now. I'm able to deal with it. But
at that time it was very difficult
especially and emotionally and
everything and thank you. Thank you so
much. Anyways, what's going on with the
politics right now? Well guys, I'll tell
you just, you know, I didn't want to
shoot videos about politics in Canada
for a few weeks now for obvious reasons.
So, you know, interest rates haven't
changed. We have stability. looks like
bond market and all this uh mutual funds
and everything is kind of getting used
to instability in Canada and if we look
at what is actually happening with the
politics well I was I was just laughing
so hard while Mark Carney was saying
that we'll be dealing with European
Union and European Union shows up they
made a deal with Trump every country
shows up and and there you know like
people are saying well you know what you
shouldn't be bow bowing down to a tyrant
you know the guy has a huge ego you
shouldn't go and bow down to him. And
guys, my my philosophy is different from
that. You know what? Who cares who Trump
is, you know, if it's if you know, if
you have to bow down in order to get a
better economical situation for your
people, for your country, you know, like
I would go and bow down. Okay, I'll tell
you that if I was in charge of Canada
and I needed to satisfy somebody's ego
for the better of my people, for fellow
Canadians to have a trade deal, I'll be
like, you know what? I don't care. It's
fine. It's not about me. It's about the
country. But some people's egos are too
big for that. And it's an ego clash.
That's how war start, right? So anyways,
we have this situation going on that,
you know, elbows up. I don't see any
elbows up. Uh, you know, we have uh this
what's his name? Ford, premier of
Ontario. Elbows up. Everyone team
Canada. It looks like everyone got
deflated like that balloon. No, nothing
is going on. So, I was just laughing
when other countries started making
deals and they just they just left us.
Everyone is on their own right now. And
so many countries, well, except Mexico
yet made a deal with Trump and we
haven't. And those people that we had to
make a deal with, we missed out on
because they already did make a deal
without us and it's pretty bad. So in
order to help our situation, Mark Carney
sat down and he came up with the idea to
um which actually has lots of meaning to
Canada to Canadian economy and benefit
of Canadian and that is state of
Palestine. So he decided to recognize
Palestine as a state
and just insult Trump. Netanyahu,
Benjamin Netanyahu uh and uh yeah, just
insult spit into Trump's face and
increase tariffs against us. Like, okay,
I want to tell you guys this video is
not about Palestine, but I just want to
say, you know, when you're trying to
negotiate with somebody, it's a worst
kind of timing to come up with this kind
of idea, which is has absolutely zero
relevance to our Canadian economical
situation right now and especially doing
that during this moment of negotiations.
It's okay if he decided to do that after
making a deal, but the timing is just
terrible. And honestly guys, uh Canada
said that they're going to be doing it
once they have fair elections and Hamas
is not in power. But I think it's a
terrible timing and a terrible decision
to make actually during this time
because it has absolutely zero
economical impact to Canada and actually
makes things works worse for Canadians.
And uh yeah, it's just like it's just
out of nowhere like the guy just woke up
and he just decided to make up his mind
and do that move, you know, and like
it's just ridiculous move. Honestly
guys, I don't want to be commenting
whether Palestine should be a state or
not. They still hold hostages there and
it's still run by a terrorist
organization and uh we still have to see
how things are going to turn around. But
this is just a like out of nowhere and
absolutely not helpful situation.
Doesn't resolve anything for Canadians.
Doesn't do anything for this part of the
world and frankly doesn't even help
people in Gaza yet. You know, honestly,
they need food. They need help. they
need support, you know, that's what they
first need. Somebody recognizing
somebody doesn't do nothing for anyone.
So, like, yeah. Anyways, so that was
kind of a crazy move out there. I think
it's a ridiculous move. It's the worst
kind of typing timing. Could have been
done later. Should have been done
probably later, not right now. But, uh,
who am I to judge that? And I want to
say, guys, yeah. So, we are just getting
used to it. And our political narrative
is just, oh, hold off. So, what's going
to happen with the real estate market
right now? Well, uh it's going down
slowly, especially for the apartments.
One of the things is I actually sold my
apartment on Friday. Hey, Joe, I'm
shooting a video. What's going on? Oh,
no. Don't Don't put get it into your
feet. Go keep it in garbage somewhere.
Where did you find a glass here? A
is it?
No, it's not mine. But you somebody's
going to cut their feet. Just uh put it
in the garbage somewhere. Don't Don't
keep it here. Somebody's going to be
walking bare feet. I don't know where
some some smart person broke a bottle
here. And better not walk bare feet. So,
we have this situation going on with the
condo apartments and everything. And
I'll tell you honestly, guys, if you're
thinking to like uh to buy an apartment
or to sell an apartment, depends on your
goals. If you're there to speculate,
maybe not a good time. If you're
thinking to buy in a short-term uh
strategy, maybe like, you know, one, two
years. I don't know for that. If you're
planning to buy for yourself and hold on
to it for about 15, 13 years, then you
know you know when the good time is to
buy real estate is when you have money,
especially in the long run. The current
fluctuations wouldn't change anything.
But if you are uh you know trying to
speculate on the short term, I don't
know if it's a good time or not good
time to buy. I will tell you one thing
guys, I sold my apartment right now. Why
I did that? I think I got really good
price for it, honestly. And I'm happy I
sold it. I'm happy with the price we got
for it. And uh I sold it because
honestly, there are building 1,100 more
units in downtown Calgary from reszoning
from office buildings. So, there will be
1,100 more apartments coming up for sale
within upcoming years. And I decided to
back out from that area and have that
liquid assets to put it into something
else rather than real estate. So, that's
uh like uh that type of real estate. I
would rather go for detached homes with
legal basement suites. By the guidance
of many investors that I work with and
some people right now are asking me
investors guys about real estate in
Calgary. They're like, "Hey G, the rents
are going down. The interest rates are
pretty high. You know, I'm not going to
be cash flowing as much. Return on
investment is minimal. Like what should
I be doing? It doesn't make sense to buy
right now." And the funny part is guys
that people tend to buy. You know, right
now when the prices are going down and
the rents are going down, people feel
like they should wait. But when the
prices are going up and the rents are
going up, people feel like they should
buy, which is the opposite what should
be happening. So right now the prices
are going down. So it's a good time to
buy. The prices are going down. How much
down they would go down, I don't do not
know. You know, honestly, with current
political situation, I don't think
anyone would know. Unless you're a
supernatural human being, you know, then
you should definitely guess the numbers
for the water. it would be the easiest
way to get rich. So yeah, nobody knows.
And people who tell you that they know
how the economy is going to behave are
arrogant and stupid. Arrogant and stupid
to combined or they or they just a lie.
Actually there's a third option. Yeah.
Arrogant and stupid or they just a lie.
I don't know the future. Nobody does.
And if somebody tells you they do, you
should probably question that. So nobody
knows. I don't think Mark Carney or uh
you know or uh you know maybe I don't
think even Trump would know but Trump
has probably better leverage than
anybody else to actually create the
future. Anyways, America is a huge
economy. It's a monster economy compared
to Canada. Anyways, we what was going on
in Canada is the prices Calgary are
slowly going down. I work here in
Calgary and in real estate VXP reality
licensed realtor. I will leave my
contacts in description of this video.
So this is the only year where I turned
down three sellers so far this year
where three people wanted to sell a
property with the last year's prices and
I realized that what they want and uh
they're not going to get it. And for me
to sell somebody's property costs like
$1,000 to market it and sell. So I
decided to tell those people either they
wait or I'm not going to be listing it
at the price that they want because I
don't want to be wasting uh thousands of
dollars to sell somebody's property. uh
if they're not going to get that kind of
money and honestly I understand how much
those people paid for it and what their
expectations are and it's not going to
be covered. So uh one person I was not
able to convince not to sell right now
because uh you know I I asked I asked
people what what is your goal? Do you
want to uh and the mo most common goal
is like yeah I want to get my money back
plus I want to make some money on it and
uh so okay so if you don't get that I'm
shooting a video go go somewhere with
your sticks. So, if that's the goal and
uh that's the only thing that you want
to get then uh and you purchased some,
you know, uh for example, a condo last
year, that might not be achievable this
year in Calgary, Alberta. So, you should
probably wait until the market gets
better. And uh yeah, that's what I
wanted to tell you guys. Anyways, thank
you so much for watching. uh smash a big
like button and I'll keep you updated on
the latest political political events
and also if you're planning to buy a
property while the price are going down
right now probably a good time to buy
whe should you wait maybe you can wait
maybe you can wait for a month or two I
don't know uh month or two you're
probably safe uh until unless something
drastic changes but if you look at
waiting for six month or a year honestly
guys be very careful be very careful
because you know uh I noticed it's more
of a luck. I had some really lucky
people that sold their real estate in
Toronto on the highest market, managed
to purchase the properties with me three
slash four years ago in Calgary on the
lowest possible market and sell the
property last year at the highest
Calgary market.
Woo. You know what? I I called a couple
of those guys and I said, "You know
what? I should be taking real estate
lessons from you guys because what you
did is phenomenal timing." They are
actually shocked themselves how they
were able to time it. But that's very
few people who are who did it. Usually
people uh they are somewhere in between
and sometimes the market keeps going up
and then you buy it somewhere in between
like what happened to people last year
especially for condominiums in in
Calgary and then this year it's down so
they they were waiting they timed it and
uh if they want to sell it right now not
a good time for them to sell. So that's
what happens when you time the market.
never time in the market. Always think
what your long-term goal is and we can
talk about it once you give me a call.
If you want to talk about your goals,
we'll we'll have a conversation on that.
By the way, my wife is mortgage broker
with mortgage architects need to relive.
I'll leave her contacts in description
of this video too. Reach out to her if
you need a refinance or anything like
that or a hewalk or a mortgage or a
pre-approval. Pre-approvals are free
from her. Thank you and we'll see you
next video. Bye for now.